Bloodline
Doctor, you may be mistaken.
I'm not the child's biological child, by the way
Be careful in the future
The child must not be stimulated anymore
You should also pay attention to your diet
Only by combining multiple parties can children recover slowly
Okay, let's get the medicine
The stars go
It's okay, I'll do it.
Thank you
Let's go
The pair of dragon and phoenix fetuses I gave birth to back then
Only Chao Chao survived
If only the stars were my child
Breastfeeding dust?
I heard that Little Star is autistic again.
How is it now?
The mood has stabilized
Don't worry, grandma. Ouch.
I have arrived at your current place.
Hurry up and let me see my little Tibetan granddaughter
What? Are you where I live now?
Oh my little star
The little appearance is too grandma, and my heart hurts to death.
Grandma, I told you
The stars have stabilized
You don't have to come
If it stabilizes, you can stop talking to me.
If I don't ask Xiao Gao
I didn't know you guys moved here now.
Brother Nan
I heard it's still you today
Holding the little star to the hospital
Fortunately, there is you, hahaha.
Whoops, but you're both married
My Yanchen
How can you still live in such an environment?
There is no toilet in our house.
Grandma, what nonsense are you talking about?
The toilet in our hometown is as big as that one.
Isn't it a pig farmer?
How can it be the same?
raise pigs
Ah, grandma, why don't you stay for dinner?
I'm going to cook
Hahaha
I'll go, then.
Just do it
Grandma eats fruit
Ouch, this is Brother Nan's child, right? Hahaha.
Hey, I didn't pay attention at the cafe before.
Now look carefully.
Why is it so similar to my family when Yanchen was young?
Grandma, don't talk nonsense
I'm not talking nonsense.
He really looks just like you when you were a kid
brat
Are you sure this is not your homeless son?